This release adds capabilities for supporting cdbSearch and cdbInfo command line utilities. It also adds various required improvements to the cable import functionality. 
# Cable Inventory Handling
- Added columns for assigned inventory and installation status to import spreadsheets for creating and updating cable design items.
- Added cable design APIs for setting cable type, assigned inventory, and installation status.
# Import Support for Inventory Domains
- Added support for exporting, updating, comparing, and deleting inventory items via import framework.
- Added support for exporting, updating, comparing, and deleting cable inventory items via import framework.
# Miscellaneous Cable Support
- Fixed bug filtering cable design list view by endpoints and cable types columns.
- Changed cable design end1/2 drawing core metadata fields to support space-separated list of links with rendering in item view.
- Added support for multiple cable connections to device ports, removed constraints in portal and import code, changed cable connections table in machine design view to display multiple cables for each named port.
# Cable Import Script Improvements
- Removed config options for data row numbers, cleaned up command line and config options to simplify running script.
- Improved handling for cables that already exist in CDB.
- Added tab to output workbook for comparing cable types that already exist in CDB.
- Added tab to output workbook for comparing cables that already exist in CDB.
- Added tab to output workbook for importing cable inventory to CDB.
- Added tab to output workbook for creating catalog item ports in CDB.
- Improved maintainability of script for other developers.
# Enhancements
- Data table or tree table header sticks to top of page when scrolling past the table header for item list pages. 
- Machine design split tree details page is now interactive. 
  - The user can now select a node in the tree and it will quickly load the details on the details section of the page. 
  - Autoscroll to "current" node. 
  - Context menu and drag + drop are disabled when in this mode. 
- Machine design now has a full page details screen. 
  - Quicker loading times when pulling up details of a machine design from a link. Tree does not need to load. 
  - Split tree details view and full page view have quick toggles to switch between the two views. 
  - Support '*' and '?' wildcards in the search API and search page of CDB. 
# CLI
- Add CLI `cdb-cli cdb-info` 
  - Also accessible using `cdbInfo`
  - Supports `--id` and `--qr` as input to view details. 
  - Command will be displayed with very basic info about items by default. 
  - `--all` switch, provides more information about item. 
    - All items will display more basics such as id, itemid2, name, domain etc. will be displayed. Log and Property lists will also be displayed. 
      - `--log-limit` can be used to specify how many logs should be dispayed (default: 5, all: -1).
    - Cable Catalog & Catalog will also display the inventory list and count of inventory/spares.
        - Each inventory item includes: Id, tag, qrid, status, & location.
        - `--inventory-mode` to be used with `--all` switch allows specifying if only spares (default) or all should be 
        shown. 
    - Catalog will also show count of machine design occurances (without `--all`) and list of machine design occurences. 
    - Cable Inventory & Inventory will include basic details such as status, catalog item, and location (without `--all`).
    - Inventory will also include the control hierarchy. 
    - Machine Design will also include the control hierarchy, cable connections, and installed item. 
    - Cable Design will also include cable endpoints, cable design metadata when values are not empty.
    - Location will also include "items located here". 
- Add CLI `cdb-cli cdb-search`
  - Also accessible using `cdbSearch` 
  - Alows searching of any item domain. 
  - Results show Id, Name, Match Description, URL. 
  - `--search-domain` option allows specifying a specific domain to search. 
  - `--interactive` switch
    - Select domain to search.
    - Ability to reload search results. 
    - Abilty to pull up cdbInfo results for the search result (also possible with all option).
- CLI enhancements currently only applied to `cdbInfo` and `cdbSearch` 
  - Standardized exception handling decorator for the "rich.console"
  - Standarized object to display data in rich or JSON format for the user. 
    - Rich format supports tabular and panel views to display information with optional coloring of section headers for panels and tables and table columns. 
    - Can be specified using `--format` switch. 
  - `--pager` switch to specify output similar to `less`.
# API
- Ability to fetch machine design connections.
- Ability to fetch cable connection endpoints.
- Ability to fetch single node control hierarchy for a machine node. 
- Enhanced search API that allows selectively searching all types of entities from the search page. 
- Ability to fetch items located in a location. 
- Tests for the above new APIs. 
# Bug Fixes
- Render "Related MAARC Items" only for standard machine design items and not templates. 
- Disable inventory section in machine design templates details page. 
- Retain machine hierarchy state when reloading machine design hierarchy page. 
- Resolve slow add item API issue with the python API server. 