# General
* Property type metadata keys with allowed values now support sort order. 
* Improved core metadata functionality with ability to support allowed values defined in the internal property type. 
* Standardized check for allowed values when saving items with core metadata fields. 
# Machine design
  * New icon for IOC type machine elements. 
  * Restricted editing of IOC items to only allow the ioc view and ioc API for editing.
    * Redirect to IOC view page for edit.
# IOC Specific Functionality
* General
  * DB static data now includes a new IOC entity type. 
  * Standard ioc metadata such as:
    * Machine Tag
    * Function Tag
    * Deployment Status
    * Preboot, postboot, powercycle, and addtional markdown instructions. 
  * Ability to simply link and unlink a machine parent. 
  * Simplified removal of IOC items without needing to detach from hierarchy as other machine items. 
  * Ensure that IOC names are unique within the machine design. 
  * Machine parent not required for an IOC item. 
* Portal 
  * Ability to search for IOCs and some metadata (machine, function, deployment status) from list page.  
  * Specialized IOC create page with machine tags, function tags, deployment status and parent. 
  * Ability to clone IOC items along with all the metadata by default. 
  * Ability to save configured columns for IOC list. 
  * Promoted owner user of the IOC on the IOC details section. 
  * Specialized IOC instructions dialog 
    * Static sections for preboot, post boot, and powercycle with relevant placeholder examples.
    * An addition markdown free entry section. 
    * Uses standard text field part of markdown property type. 
    * Uses a parser to appropriately split the data into seperate fields for UI and API. 
    * Restricted to no uploads within ioc instructions. 
    * Standardized way to creating customized markdown dialog extension with support for pasting URLs similarly as the standard markdown dialog. 
* API 
  * Ability to add and update IOC items and its metadata
  * Ability to fetch all IOC items
  * Ability to fetch allowed metadata values such as machine tags, function tags, and deployment statues. 
  * Admin API to convert an existing machine IOC to an IOC type machine. Cleans up IOC item to ensure no special machine functionality exists. 
# Cable Design
* Add support for clone 
  * Clones endpoints by default
  * Clones cable metadata by default.
# App Domain
* Add support for clone 
# CLI 
  * Migration to click for prompting interactive choices. Removed inquirerpy dependency. 
# Bug fixes
* Clone properties now supports cloning markdown property 